Welcome. Scot, put some better greeting text here.

Keyboard Shortcuts
------------------

Escape          Closes the Screen Saver

Spacebar        Pauses or Resumes the photo Slideshow
Right Arrow     Displays the next Slideshow photo
Left Arrow      Displays the previous Slideshow photo

Right Click     Opens the context menu
Backspace       Toggles the display of photo metadata

F1              Opens this dialog box (Help / About)
F2              Opens the Settings dialog box
F3              Opens the Font and Color Dialog

Delete          Marks the currently displayed photo as
                'Do not display in Screen Saver'.

Control+E       Opens a File Explorer window to the 
                currently displayed photo

Up Arrow
Down Arrow      Pauses Slideshow and enters 
                'Explore Photos in this Folder' mode

While in 'Explore Photos in this Folder' mode, the Up Arrow Key acts as 'Show Next Photo in this Folder', and the Down Arrow key acts as 'Show Previous Photo in this Folder'. To leave 'Explore Photos in this Folder' mode, press the Left or Right Arrow key, which will take you to the next or previous photo in your Slideshow.

Double Secret Probation Keys (Advanced, Hush-hush)
--------------------------------------------------

Control+S       Toggles the "shadow effect" applied
                to the display of metadata text

Control+Zero    Restores all metadata text display 
                settings to last saved values

Control+ScrollWheel
                Increases or decreases Font size of
                metadata text (sizes 8 through 124)

Control+Shift+ScrollWheel
                Cycles metadata display through
                174 Font colors (including Transparent)

Control+Click
                Cycles metadata display through 5
                contrast settings

Control+Shift+Click
                Cycles metadata display through 
                3 anti-aliasing settings

Control+Shift+MouseWheelClick
                Summons a doctor to treat your 
                obsessiveness problem. And your
                carpal tunnel syndrome.

F9              Show or Hide debug logging window.


  Secret Double-Probation Command Line Arguments
--------------------------------------------------

"Official" command line arguments

<no args>       Just launch to Settings dialog.

/c              Just launch to Settings dialog.

/s              Launch in Screen Saver mode.

"Unofficial" arguments

/window         Overrides all other args, forces
                launch into Screen Saver mode.

/usebuffer      All debug logging output will be
                stored in a buffer, even if
                debug output window is has not
                yet been shown.

.dbgwin         If this EXTENSION is inserted
                into the filename - like,
                PattySaver.dgbwin.exe -
                the debug output window will 
                pop up 6 seconds after launch.
                This is primarily used for 
                debugging our Control Panel
                Mini Preview window.